No, I didn't tell him.
Why not?
I don't want him to worry about me.
If you were my wife, I wouldn't be happy if you kept it from me.
The bleeding has stopped and the wound is dressed.
I'm going back to my room to clean up myself.
Jenny, I'm a little hungry.
Want to grab a snack together?
Mr. Miller, I can move my right hand. Let me do it myself.
Don't get me wrong. I just don't want to owe anyone anything.
Aren't you hungry, Mr. Miller? Why aren't you eating?
The hunger went away.
You're not doing this just for me, are you?
Aren't you afraid your husband will get jealous?
That's exactly why I asked.
But, aren't you in deep love with your husband?
Yeah, I love him very much.
I'm off. You better sleep now.
Leave my ass. How do I love him if I can't even remember what he looks like?